[CQA] Shorten abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4954)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_discovery-in-pxe-mode.adoc

= Discovery in PXE mode

[role="_abstract"]
{Project} provides PXE-based Discovery that uses DHCP and TFTP services.

> Discovered nodes scheduled for installation reboot and provision through PXE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discovered hosts queued for installation reboot and provision through PXE.
```
I'm not sure if "scheduled" is an appropriate word, because there's no scheduling mechanism for provisioning. Perhaps this?

Or maybe "ready for installation"?
